Predict Bike Sharing Demand with AutoGluon

Initial Training
What did you realize when you tried to submit your predictions? What changes were needed to the output of the predictor to submit your results?
TODO: While predicting values,for the give datasets,i observed there were few negative value.To handle them i have replaced them with zero.

What was the top ranked model that performed? 
TODO: WeightedEnsemble_L3 and NeuralNetFastAI_Bag_L2,before inclusion of new features(including all the data).

Exploratory data analysis and feature creation
What did the exploratory analysis find and how did you add additional features?
TODO: By performing EDA,it was observed that most of features like humudity,atemp has least effect on target variable,this was observed via heatmap.Considering hours in day,is new feature.Considering the average of day,years,month is a bad way of evalutation. For example - on a rainy day,there will more numbers of bike will be rented compared to a sunny day.Only in peak hours.

How much better did your model preform after adding additional features and why do you think that is?
TODO: Additional features of hours,will defiently increase the sorce based on hypothesis gathered from EDA.

Hyper parameter tuning
How much better did your model preform after trying different hyper parameters?
TODO: According to the theortical knowledge,changing the parameters will have direct effect on output(target variable)

If you were given more time with this dataset, where do you think you would spend more time?
TODO: On EDA,because it's step where you can analysis dataset,clearly,and form a hypothesis.EDA gives us insights about the different variables have a connectivity with target variable.

Create a table with the models you ran, the hyperparameters modified, and the kaggle score.
Kindly check my project notebook.I have written my code,but there was problem with the intrepter so i was able to complete 50% of the problem.

Create a line plot showing the top model score for the three (or more) training runs during the project.
TODO: Facing an issue with the interpter.So i was unable to complete the last 2 steps(6,7).

Create a line plot showing the top kaggle score for the three (or more) prediction submissions during the project.
TODO: Facing an issue with the interpter.So i was unable to complete the last 2 steps(6,7).

Summary
TODO: Working with AWS Sagemakers was itself a new experience.It was very handy to perform the most complex task in a simplfied manner.I learned new tools such as AutoML,Xgboost,AutoGluon.Data cleaning,EDA are the important stages in ML Life cycle.
